nordic/trezor/README.md, before:

# Trezor BLE Gateway

Welcome to the **Trezor BLE Gateway** project!
This repository contains the source code and instructions to build and flash the application onto the `t3w1_nrf52833` board.

## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Install the toolchain](#install-the-toolchain)
    - [Launch the nRF Shell](#launch-the-nrf-shell)
    - [Initialize the Workspace](#initialize-the-workspace)
    - [Update nRF Connect SDK Modules](#update-nrf-connect-sdk-modules)
    - [Build the Application](#build-the-application)
    - [Flash the Application](#flash-the-application)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- **nrfutil**: Install [nrfutil](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/nrfutil/page/README.html). This tool is essential for managing the nRF Connect SDK and toolchains.
- **Git**: Ensure you have Git installed for cloning repositories.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up the project on your local machine.

### Install the toolchain

Using nrfutil, install the required toolchain for the nRF Connect SDK:
```sh
nrfutil toolchain-manager install --ncs-version v2.6.2
```

### Launch the nRF Shell

First, launch the nRF shell using the `nrfutil` toolchain manager:

```sh
nrfutil toolchain-manager launch --shell
```

### Initialize the Workspace
Initialize your West workspace for the Trezor BLE Gateway project:
```sh
cd west
west init -l ./trezor
```

### Update nRF Connect SDK Modules

Update the modules:
```sh
west update
```


### Building the Application
```sh
cd trezor
west build ./trezor-ble -b t3w1_revA_nrf52832 --sysbuild
```

Debug builds can be built using the debug overlay configuration:
Build the application for the t3w1_revA_nrf52832 board:

```sh
west build ./trezor-ble -b t3w1_revA_nrf52832 --sysbuild -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=debug.conf
```


### Flashing the Application
Flash the compiled application onto the board:
```sh
west flash
```

Commit message:

docs(nordic): update README.md for build
[no changelog]

nordic/trezor/README.md, after:

# Trezor BLE Gateway

Welcome to the **Trezor BLE Gateway** project!
This repository contains the source code and instructions to build and flash the application onto the `t3w1_nrf52833` board.

## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Install the toolchain](#install-the-toolchain)
    - [Launch the nRF Shell](#launch-the-nrf-shell)
    - [Initialize the Workspace](#initialize-the-workspace)
    - [Update nRF Connect SDK Modules](#update-nrf-connect-sdk-modules)
    - [Build the Application](#build-the-application)
    - [Flash the Application](#flash-the-application)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- **nrfutil**: Install [nrfutil](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/nrfutil/page/README.html). This tool is essential for managing the nRF Connect SDK and toolchains.
- **Git**: Ensure you have Git installed for cloning repositories.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up the project on your local machine.

### Install the toolchain

Using nrfutil, install the required toolchain for the nRF Connect SDK:
```sh
nrfutil toolchain-manager install --ncs-version v2.9.0
```

### Launch the nRF Shell

First, launch the nRF shell using the `nrfutil` toolchain manager and set the NCS to chosen version:

```sh
nrfutil toolchain-manager launch --shell
west init -m https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf --mr v2.9.0 v2.9.0
```

### Initialize the Workspace
Initialize your West workspace for the Trezor BLE Gateway project:
```sh
cd nordic
west init -l ./trezor
```

### Update nRF Connect SDK Modules

Update the modules:
```sh
west update
```


### Building the Application
```sh
cd trezor
west build ./trezor-ble -b t3w1_revA_nrf52832 --sysbuild
```

Debug builds can be built using the debug overlay configuration:
Build the application for the t3w1_revA_nrf52832 board:

```sh
west build ./trezor-ble -b t3w1_revA_nrf52832 --sysbuild -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=debug.conf
```


### Flashing the Application
Flash the compiled application onto the board:
```sh
west flash
```
